Wallet metadata retrieval and selection page (#941)
italia/eidas-it-wallet-docs: docs/en/functionalities.rst

- MUST ensure that the copy on the page mirrors that reported in the :ref:`official-resources:Official Resources`; 

- MUST present each Wallet Solution in the IT-Wallet System Register through a modular component that displays the logo and name in full retrieved as described in :ref:`wallet-metadata-retrieval:Wallet Metadata Retrieval Flow`; 

> - MUST present the Wallet Solutions in a dynamic layout that adapts to the number of Wallet Solutions available: when less than 3 MUST distribute them in a 2-column grid, when less than 2 MUST use a center-column layout; in all cases random sorting MUST be guaranteed; 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- MUST present the Wallet Solutions in a dynamic layout that adapts to the number of Wallet Solutions available: when the Wallet Solution number is less than 2, the Selection Page MUST distribute the Wallet Solutions within a center-column layout. Otherwise, when the Wallet Solution number is equal or superior than 3, the Selection Page MUST distribute the Wallet Solutions in a 2-column grid; in all cases random sorting MUST be guaranteed; 
```

@steps88 @RosaliaGaleano ^
